Added DevTools landing page & bucket overview pages (#1665)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/webaudio/webaudio-tool.md

---
title: WebAudio tool
description: About the WebAudio tool in Microsoft Edge DevTools.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 02/15/2022
---
# WebAudio tool

> Use the **WebAudio** tool to monitor **WebAudio** calls and traffic, for a webpage that uses the WebAudio API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **WebAudio** tool to monitor the graph of **WebAudio** nodes that gets created when a webpage uses the WebAudio API.
```

To open the **WebAudio** tool:

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, click the **More Tools** (![More Tools icon.](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button, and then select **WebAudio**.

>    ![The WebAudio tool.](../media/webaudio-tool.png)

Reviewer: This image does not show what the tool looks like when the page uses the WebAudio API. I'll try to provide another image in a minute.

Author: @captainbrosset - result: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/webaudio/webaudio-tool?branch=pr-en-us-1665
